**5/10**<br/>
Okay, with a little bit of time to myself, I wrapped up some desktop environment configuration type stuff that I had been putting off. You might call this "ricing", although most of the work that I did involved programming.

I use a window manager called i3-gaps, which gives you separate workspaces to use, each with different layouts of windows. My goal was to make a consistent layout with two narrow columns on each side of the screen and a wide middle panel for whatever the workspace's primary application was.

Fortunately there is a python module called i3ipc that makes it possible to interact with i3 and the tree of containers it uses to manage its workspaces and windows. After a bit of working I made it so that my first workspace would be set-up with my preferred layout automatically, and that I could open programs in the next available workspace, and its layout would be setup as well.

There is a tool called *fzf*, which simply displays a column of strings from a text file and allows you to select one, which it then prints to standard out. I have used this to send messages to the python script controlling i3, to tell it which programs to run.

I'll see if I can embed a file of the whole thing running... that might take some doing.
<br/><br/>

**5/11**<br/>
Doing some more tinkering to get this display stream working on my RaspberryPi. When I woke up this morning, my living room TV had somehow gotten turned on, and had switched to the Pi because it was the only thing plugged in and providing input; so I saw a nice console waiting for me ready-to-use.

Well, I guess I have to take that as a sign to get this thing working now, of course.

**5/12**<br/>
Today I have decided to tackle something I've been putting off for a while: bluetooth. My desktop has a combination bluetooth/wifi card, and for whatever reason, it does not work. This has historically not been much of an issue because I use an ethernet connection, but now that I want to start making bluetooth connections, I sort of have to deal with it.

Typically when you have problems with a piece of hardware on a linux system, the issue is that you don't have the right driver installed; and occasionally, the right driver does not even exist for that hardware, and you are simple S-O-L.

The first thing to do in these sorts of situations is use `lspci -k` to take a look at how your system is seeing each piece of hardware (specifically, each piece of hardware connected via *pci*, which will come into play again later).

This was my output:

```
3:00.0 Network controller: Realtek Semiconductor Co., Ltd. RTL8822BE 802.11a/b/g/n/ac WiFi adapter
	Subsystem: Hewlett-Packard Company Realtek RTL8822BE 802.11ac 2 × 2 Wi-Fi + Bluetooth 4.2 Combo Adapter (MU-MIMO supported)
	Kernel modules: rtw88_8822be
```

Now this would suggest that there is a module installed that supports this hardware, but typically you would also see a line like `Kernel module in use: rtw88_8822be`, indicating that not only is the driver present, but it is being used by your kernel.

This initially led me to believe the problem was that my kernel was not loading the module for some reason, and I spent a while tinkering to get that to work. As it turns out, the module I had installed did not work correctly itself, and this was why the kernel was not using it.

Fortunately, there exists a github repository with a Linux driver that *does* work, so all I needed to do was install that, blacklist the incorrect module, and reboot. And then smooth sailing from there, right?

Not quite. You see, this hardware is a "Wi-Fi + Bluetooth Combo Adapter", and it turns out that while the Wi-Fi capability was accessible through PCI, the Bluetooth capable was accessible through USB. So I needed a separate driver for that one-- but fortunately, the two drivers do not conflict, so both functions can be used simultaneously. Which means that if I ever do need wifi, I now have it.

<br/><br/>
**5/13**
And now that I have that out of the way, it's back to this ARCore project. So far all I've been doing is copying code from an example repository and converting it into Kotlin so that it runs on an Android emulator.

It doesn't seem like there's going to be enough time to really get a good grasp of ARCore in its totality. It seems like just the 3D rendering program, OpenGL, could take quite a while to learn. But hopefully if I can use other projects as reference I'll be able to get it working the way it is intended.

<br/><br/>
**5/14**
Not much for today.
