**05/30**<br/>
I have reached the point of having most of my desired set-up completed. I am able to run an Xsession on the PiZero hooked up to my living room display, which in turn runs a view-only VNC client; this connects to the VNC server running on my desktop. I also have the bluetooth connection on my desktop working seemingly our of the box (I had thought that there needed to be some additional configuration to have it startup automatically).

Now the only real remaining issues are the latency of the display. Unfortunately there does not seem to be a great remedy for this. If I'm only manipulating the mouse and keyboard and doing some browsing it's not too bad, but if I want to watch a video it becomes pretty much useless. Were I to play a video game I think it would be unplayable.

Not to worry thought; I've come this far, and found solutions to more problems than just this.

<br/><br/>
**6/1**<br/>
Another thing that I've been working on has been setting up crontabs. I'm using fcron specifically, which isn't that much different from normal cron. The purpose of crontabs is to specify a date and time for a given command to be executed.

In my case I am mostly concerned about running jobs on system startup, such as a virus scan; on an hourly basis, such as the synchronization of my Nextcloud files; on a daily basis, such as the synchronization of my Github files; and on a weekly basis, such as system back-ups and updates.

<br/><br/>
**6/2**<br/>
Mostly spent my time researching and getting different ideas down on paper. I'm developing this system for concept management that really boils down to how much effort I actually want to put into it.

The idea is to start out with a mindmapping or diagramming software (draw.io/diagrams.net is what I'm using currently.) This provides a freeform medium for recording any ideas about a given project, and they can range from large and important topics to highly specific details; the purpose of the mindmap is to just record everything, and maybe define some loose relationships or categories.

The next step is outlining. This is where you make everything a little more rigid and well-defined by transferring the ideas in the mindmap to a document with different headers and sections. Ideally the outline starts out with the big sections defines and then has the more granular details filled in over time.

The end goal of the outline is to produce a set of requirements for the project. At this point the requirements can be transitioned to cards in a kanban board. I have opinions about kanboard boards that I will probably write down at some point, somewhere, but for the most part I think they're helpful for tracking tasks, but cumbersome for updating.

Thus the next extension is a sort of queue that cards form the kanban board can be easily assigned to. This system is mostly just for me, but a team could have queues for each member. The queue owner then moves tasks from the queue to an agenda; the main difference is that on an agenda there is a specific time or date that a task is intended to be worked on or completed by, whereas while on a queue it is just a generic "needs-to-be-done" item.

The main point of this queue/agenda extension is that it can be synchonized with the kanban board: when a card is on the queue it might be on a column called "Assigned"; then a column called "In-Progress" once it as on the agenda; and finally, when it is marked complete in the agenda, it can be moved to "Complete" in the kanban board.

The focus here is to make the actual interactions a team member needs to make to update their progress as minimal as possible, because when updating progress becomes a chore unto itself it typically just doesn't happen.
