**07/26**<br/>
Got some work done on a receipt reader application. It's pretty simple-- just some python and Tesseract OCR. The goal is to take a scan of a receipt and parse out the items that were purchased and their costs, and then add that to some sort of comprehensive record.

At the moment the output is not as precise as I'm hoping it will be. I'm thinking I may just need to play around with scanning options to get a good contrast on the original image, and then the text recognition will work better.

<br/><br/>
**07/27**<br/>
Just some minor stuff today. I did get that receipt-scanner working better. I may have to combine it with some sort of API for known store abbreviations. It would probably be really difficult to be able to scan a receipt from an arbitrary store and expect to get useful information out of it... what I had in mind was, for instance, being able to scan a grocery receipt and use that information not only to track expenses, but also an inventory of my food/supplies/etc.

<br/><br/>
**07/28**<br/>
Shelved the receipt-reader for the time being. I hadn't considered that even with accurate translation of image to text, the text itself would require a ton of further processing. I suppose it would be sufficient to scrape out the prices and the abbreviated names, but... meh. I would prefer to be able to look things up.

Anyways I've started trying out this static form generator. It's super simple-- the goal is just to produce an HTML page based on a JSON schema. Then the form can submit to the local API that I've been working on, and get parsed back into JSON. Maybe even put into a database like Baserow, or something.

<br/><br/>
**07/30**<br/>
I've been spending some time writing up a node application that will dynamically generate HMTL forms based off of a JSON schema. The goal is to easily generate forms that I can use for data entry, which will then be posted to an endpoint for collection in a database.
