**08/09**<br/>
Worked on the backend from this task manager pretty extensively. I'm using flask and sqlite3, netiher of which I have worked with before, but I'm pretty familiar with python.

So far it's much simpler than a Node.js server; I haven't had to deal with setting up an express router or anything, and that tends to be a hassle.
<br/><br/>
**08/10**<br/>
Having fleshed out most of the basic operations for the database, I started off with some of the API routes.

At this time the things I want to track are tasks on a queue and tasks in an agenda; the idea is that tasks will be added to the queue freely as they occur to me. Then they will be moved onto the agenda when I decide on a particular day to complete them.

Once in the agenda, the tasks for a given day can then be retrieved with a query.

**08/11**<br/>
Having gotten most of the queue routes working, the next step is the *assignQueueItem*, which will move a task from the table for the queue into the table for the agenda, and add a due date to it. This is probably the most complex of the routes since it involves an interaction between multiple tables.

**08/12**<br/>
Spent my time dealing with date conversions for the application. At first I was going to store dates as a string in the database, but I decided using Unix-style timestamp integers would be a better approach, as it would necessitate fewer conversions overall.

The exception to this was for the database schema, where it took some time to figure out how to make the default value for a field into the current timestamp in Unix format.

Now I'm pretty happy with the backend overall, although I do want to write some unit tests before moving on to the frontend.
<br/><br/>
**08/13**</br>
Felt like my work with the back-end is pretty much wrapped up. There are actually a few other routes to tackle for the agenda items-- reassigning or unassigned them from a given day, for instance-- but, well, those are boring.

I often find I have plenty of motivation to complete the integral functionality of an application but that peters out when it comes to fleshing out the rest of the edge- or side-cases.

At any rate I spent most of my time planning out the front-end. I'm going to be using React for that, and ultimately I want to be able to produce both an electron application for the desktop and a progressive web app for mobile; React appears to be able to fulfill both of these, when built correctly. Although, I still have to look into that more.
