**08/16**<br/>
Today was the day to start working on the front-end. Going from python and flask to javascript and react is a bit of an adjustment but I should be able to get into it fairly quickly. On friday I spent some time building up a list of components to implement, so now I'll just go through them one at a time.

Today that was a button to add a new Queue item. This entails opening up a few fields to enter the information about the new item. As it stands I'm just working with default HTML elements, although I think I'm going to start using the Material Design System, since it's fairly pretty and has a lot of what I'm looking for already implemented as standalone components.

</br></br>
**08/17**<br/>
Decided against using the MaterialUI, just because it looked like... a whole thing. I thought it would be plain importable components but, it does not appear so.

Still, I was able to find an NPM package that suited my needs, so that was fine. Right now it's possible to open a modal when a new queue item is added, and then enter the required fields. The next step will be to add the interactions for the actual list items.

At the moment I'm holding off on on dealing with the API interactions. I need to look more into how data might be stored offline for both electron and progressive web applications, and how that would be synchronized with the API when connection is re-established.

</br></br>
**08/18**<br/>
Realized that I could reuse the modal for the new queue item button with the "edit" option for a queue item, so I spent some time generalizing that so that it could be reused. I will probably implement the modals for the agneda in a similar fashion.

I think part of the fun of programming is that you have an opportunity to learn and get a feel for when a new approach or design would work better as you go along with implementation, and thus have an opportunity to go back and refine what you had done before.

</br></br>
**08/19**<br/>
Got wrapped up with most of the features for the queue screen today. The only oustanding things are some validation and the ability to expand the queue items to display their descriptions on click/hover. This are the sort of nits that I tend to put off, though.

Once I've gotten the agenda wrapped up-- I think I can reuse a lot of the same code, so I don't think it will take as long-- the next step will be to work on the API calls, then the styling, and finally the individual implementations in electron and PWA.

It seems like a lot for now, but I feel relatively confident I can have it done in another week or two.

</br></br>
**08/20**<br/>
Got started with the view for the agenda today. Pretty happy with how it's coming along so far-- the agenda items will have the options to "reassign", "modify", or "unassign"; in addition to being able to actually mark the item as completed.

Today I got the "reassign" function done, along with part of the complete/incomplete function. Wanted to do more but I got hung out fixing an issue with the context menu component I'm using. Still not entirely sure what caused it, but I was able to fix it by setting the keys for each item on the agenda list.

Oh! I also need to be able to change the current day for which agenda items are being displayed, so there'll be some additional components for that. Shouldn't be much of an issue, though.

I'm also wondering if it would be good to be able to assign categories to tasks and display them in a list... well, that's a little bit of feature creep. I can deal with that later.

</br></br>
