**09/27** <br />

Finally got the backend API working. It was just a matter of following the right tutorial, apparently! That's how these things tend to go. I ended up needing to use a slightly different python package called `gunicorn`, which sounds like a species from *Adventure Time*, to be honest. Along with some specific Nginx directives, I was able to get things working, finally.

Well, as though I haven't been pushing the envelope enough, I always want to get SSL certificates working with the connection as well. For now I should be fine using self-signed certificates and simply distributing them to my personal devices. If I ever want to make this service available on the open internet I'll have to deal with Cloudflare and DNS records, but I can worry about that later.

**09/28** <br/ >

Okay, got some good progress made with the SSL certificates. I was able to generate a private key and sign a certificate with it using `openssl`, and then alter my Nginx configuration to use that for HTTPS. I was also able to configure things so that any attempted HTTP connection would automatically redirect to the HTTPS page.

The next step will be getting my system to actually trust the certificate. Been looking into the best ways to do that. I think what I will actually want to end up doing is creating a Certificate Authority, which can be used to produce chained certificates. This way only the Certificate Authority needs to be trusted and any certificates it issued will also be trusted.

**09/29** <br/ >

Mostly spent this morning tinkering around with Nginx Proxy Manager. The user interface is very nice, but I want to make sure that I can actually implement all of the configurations which I have in mind with it. So far it looks like it's pretty doable; I might try to see if I can get my application working with it using the configuration that I already have.

Another thing for me is that I want to maintain backups of any sorts of configuration files that I end up using or generating. This is a little bit at odds with the idea of Nginx Proxy Manager and a lot of other self-hosted web applications, since their purpose is to simplify user interaction as much as possible and handle all of the back-end stuff themselves. Still, I was at least able to locate a directory that contains the actual proxy configurations that NPM creates, so there's that at least.

**09/30** <br/ >

Now that I've got the proxy working 95% I want to wrap up the last few things necessary before I can actually start using this application for myself. The main thing is ensuring that the database will be able to support any changes that I make in the future, so I want to add the ability to import or export the contents to a JSON file. So, I did some work with that.

**10/1** <br />

Alrighty, got that all done and properly tested. Now I'm a little bit more confident about forwards compatibility. The last step before I can actually start putting this project to use will of course be to deploy it. Now, I suppose I could just copy the source code to one of my RaspberryPi's and host it there, but I would really like to build some Docker containers for the services instead, I feel that would be much cleaner.

Eh. When working on a personal project, I've noticed that, for me at least, the temptation to keep adding new features and tweaking things and so on is actually just procrastination in disguise. Not exactly procrastination of work-- obviously you're actually creating more work for yourself in the long run, by tweaking and changing things-- but moreso procrastination of *completion*.

Which is an odd thing to want to procrastinate on, since the point of this project is to create a utility for myself, after all. Why procrastinate on that?
