**5/3**<br/>
So, things sort of devolved into a mad rush to get this mobile application project done.

The up side is that I was able to get the recoloration working through and through, although it proved somewhat buggy at first. Kotlin uses a class called an Activity to control its processes, and I'm guessing each Activity is more or less its own thread under the covers, because when I performed the recoloration process-- which requires converting a static png to a bitmap, performing pixel-by-pixel operations on that bitmap, then setting the bitmap as an ImageView's image-- it caused around fifty to sixty frames to drop as the game was first being displayed.

The solution to this was to move the recoloration process to an Activity that occurred before the main gameplay Activity, and then pass the recolored bitmaps forwards to be used later. This solved the dropped frames, and I believe it probably made the process somewhat more efficient, because I had previously been recoloring each entity on the screen individually, whereas now I was recoloring only their images (there are three enemy entities and three arrow entities which all use the same sprites) and then copying those as needed.

The downside is that I didn't get the color values working exactly as I wanted. The goal was that if it was colder, the colors would be more of an arctic theme, and if it was hotter they would be more of a desert theme. I didn't really accomplish that; the colors do change based on the temperature but there's not exactly a coherent spectrum.

<br/><br/>
**5/4**<br/>
Now as it happens there is still another project after this one, involving augmented reality. This project necessitates building a completely new application, and in my case I will be exploiting Google's ARCore. However, I am inclined to take a short a break and go back to working on my own things for a few days before tackling that.

I was able to get an Unbound server up and running and working with my Pihole instance. The next step from this point is to configure Unbound to send DNS queries for a wildcard domain back towards a host on my LAN. I previously had this working by reconfiguring DNSMASQ and using Pihole's DHCP server, however that was causing some connectivity issues, so I'm inclined to rely on Unbound for the DNS redirection instead.

<br/><br/>
**5/5**<br/>
Taking it slow today, just brushing up on some documentation for ARCore.

I know there's a way to make Unbound redirect DNS queries the way I want, I just need to get the implementation correct. At a certain point I'll probably move this Pihole/Unbound setup into a docker-compose file so that I can manage it through Portainer.

<br/><br/>
**5/6**<br/>
Nuthin'.

<br/><br/>
**5/7**<br/>
Taking a break from my other projects to test out some proof-of-concept for another thing I'm working on. I'd like to be able to mirror my desktop display onto the TV in my living room. It appears as though the best way to do this is using VLC to stream my desktop over LAN to another host which will then display the stream with its own VLC.

My plan is to eventually use a Raspberry Pi Zero for this purpose but I wanted to make sure it would work in theory before going out and buying one, and fortunately I already had another Pi hooked in my living room.
