**5/24**<br/>
Well I had a few pieces of new hardware get here that I was waiting on, and that prompted a bit of
rejiggering of my self-hosting setup. I moved my Pihole and DNS setup into a PiZero, which meant I could reclaim the Pi4 that I was using for that and begin setting up a cluster. Eventually I would like to have a small rack with a full Pi cluster mounted on it, but that will all come in time.

The only actual adjustment to my hosting stack is that I now have Portainer and Nginx Proxy Manager running on top of an OpenMediaVault instance. I still need to learn more about how Portainer deals with a cluster setup, and how OpenMediaVault can be used to provide storage to the cluster.

<br/><br/>
**5/25**<br/>
There are some other adjustment to these self-hosted services that I would like to get done and in place-- the main one being setting up HTTPS for the proxy connection to each service. I'd also like to look into encrypting the data on each RPi at rest, which as far as I know is perfectly doable with OpenMediaVault.

At some point I suppose I would like to expose a port so that I can connect to all these services from outside of my home network. Actually what would be more likely is for me to create some kind of Virtual Private Server and have a VPN connecting that back to my home network. In that way I could have the VPS' port exposed and connect to that, rather than exposing something in my home network.

<br/><br/>
**5/26**<br/>
Not much!

<br/><br/>
**5/27**<br/>
Still not much, but I can talk a bit about my plans. Still want to get this screen mirroring thing working through VLC. There's basically only one missing piece to that puzzle at this point, a USB-to-HDMI cord. I was able to install the ethernet hats for my PiZeroes and those have been working well, but unfortunately the only cable I had for an HDMI connection was for micro-USB, and both the micro-USB ports on the PiZero are in use at this point, one for the ethernet hat, and the other for power.

So that's just a simple trip to Best Buy and a few bucks. From a technical standpoint nothing really stands in my way, except of course the VLC setup itself.
