**07/19**<br/>
Been a while. Let's get into things.

Looking at solutions for self-hosted serverless functions. In particular I would like to set up something that allows me to call an API using an app called Automate on my phone and receive voice commands through it. Not totally sure what voice commands I would want to implement, but I'll get to that later.

At first I was looking at a piece of software called *fx*, which seemed pretty promising; however, it turns out that there is not a version available for the Arm architecture that RaspberyPi's use, and that's where I would be using it. Building the software from source also seems like a lot of work because I would probably need to set up some sort of cross-compilation on my main workstation.

Instead I found a different solution, *faasd*. This has the caveat of not playing nicely with Docker if installed on the same system, which is not a total dealbreaker but would definitely be preferable. For now it'll be fine, though.
<br/><br/>

**07/20**<br/>
I did end up deciding to go with a different software, *LocalStack*, instead of *faasd*, since it would run inside of a Docker container. However, I have not done much with it yet, other than come to the decision I prefer it.

What I did this morning was try to create a NFS folder on my OpenMediaVault installation that I could mount from my workstation. This is my simple approach to Network Attached Storage. The mounting process is pretty slow, but once complete I can retrieve files relatively quickly. The only issue is that I have not yet had luck mounting the NFS folders through a `/etc/fstab` entry.

I also start configuring my *syncthing* service, which is more or less the other prong to my NAS implementation. I am mostly concerned with using it to get files onto my mobile device. I previously used NextCloud for this purpose but have decided I would prefer to have precise control over the files and folders that are being affected. However, I haven't done much with *syncthing*, other than wire together the devices on my network.
<br/><br/>

**07/21**<br/>
Still waffling around on the subject of self-hosted serverless. Realistically I could just, you know, program my own server. It really wouldn't be that much more work-- I could probably download a boilerplate Node implementation and just start adding the endpoints I want. Not a big deal though.

Mainly my concern was getting *syncthing* up and running. My main concern is using it to put music on my mobile device, and I was actually able to get that up and running relatively easily. I guess there are really just three forms of communication I want between devices on my local network:

 - network sharing
 - file synchronization
 - API messaging

in order of speed and footprint, respectively. Granted I'm not sure how different NFS is from actual File Synchronization. Not a huge deal though. I still need to actually get that NFS share to mount on boot...
