**08/02**<br/>
Got syncthing working the way I wanted it... it wasn't playing nice with Open Media Vault, for whatever reason.

Started looking into Electron; I'd like to create a sort of personal task-management software. Everything out there is too complicated. I was using Joplin for a while, for instance, and that's useful because it had support for synchonization over Nextcloud; however the format in which Joplin files are saved is essentially unintelligible.

I want my to-do's and tasks and so forth to be stored in plain Markdown files with sane names and human-readable contents. Something I could always *cat* out into a terminal. So I'm taking my own approach.
<br/></br>
 **08/03**<br/>
 Big thing I got done today was setting up a react project. My goal is to be able to use this alongside Electron to create a desktop application that I can use to track my activities and tasks.

 I'm still considering what to use for the mobile equivalent. I have some interest in creating a Progressive Web App just for the sake of the experience, however there are a set of applications called Kustom (Kustom Live Wallpaper, Kustom Widget Maker, etc.), which I believe I can make use of instead.
 <br/></br>
 **08/04**<br/>
 Started on the process of setting up a React project for the frontend of my task manager. It's not really that demanding in terms of user-interface effort, just some check-boxes. The context menus for actions like reassigning tasks will probably make up the bulk of the effort.
