**08/23**<br/>
Got through the necessary changes for unassigning an item from the agenda view. Don't think I'm going to add an option for modifying the item. This is mostly for my benefit and I don't envision needing to update the contents of an item after moving it to the agenda. If need be I can implement that functionality later or just move it to the queue and modify it there.
</br></br>
**08/24**<br/>
Sort of put off the task of agenda modification in favor of getting started with the API calls. My current plan is to attempt making an API call to the database and fall back to *localStorage* objects if it fails.

The issue with this approach is if a large number of changes are made while offline the *localStorage* state will mutate substantially from what the database contains.  I'm of two minds about how to deal with this: the first option is to store all the API requests that were made offline and send them all when connection is re-established.

Alternatively the cached and database objects could be compared and the requests needed to synchronize them then be determined. I am leaning towards the former, but the latter would also account for the situation when the database itself has also deviated while offline.

Tricky stuff, to be sure.
</br></br>
**08/25**<br/>
Alright well today I didn't worry too much about the tricky stuff and instead focused on getting the date navigation working for the agenda view. In comparison to the other components it's a bit simpler, although there are about the same number of functions:

 - move forwards one day
 - move backwards one day
 - select date
 - return to current day

Fortunately these are all just modifying one variable, and with the exception of the "select date" function they only entail a single button each. I still need to wire everything together but the component is coded up, at least.

</br></br>
**08/26**<br/>
Wrapped up implementation of the date changer for the agenda view and got started on connecting the frontend and backend for the API. It's proving to be more difficult than anticipated, which I blame mostly on this decision to combine the flask backend and the react frontend; apparently the API functionalities do not play well with one another.

Or, put another way, I'm not as experienced with making them play well together. Which is to be expected-- typically it's unusual to get complicated things like this working perfectly on the first try. But I have a hard time with just setting something down and putting it away when it isn't working correctly yet; there's this urge to keep trying and trying until I get it right.

But, that typically just leads to burn-out. You're usually a lot more effective at things when you give yourself time to rest and come at it with a fresh start, rather than continuing to push when you're already exhausted and beginning to get frustrated. Something I need to work on, I suppose.

</br></br>
**08/27**<br/>
Got distracted with some networking issues this morning... will get rollin' again on Monday.
</br></br>
