**09/06**<br/>
Nothing much for today.

</br></br>

**09/07**<br/>
So I've been a little distracted, if the lack of entries for the past couple of days doesn't make it obvious. I have started working on something else, unrelated to the task management project.

</br></br>

**09/08**<br/>
Built out a bunch more database tables in the expectation of future expansion of the agenda manager application. I want to eventually be able to connect items to a project, and have that project connected to a mindmap and kanban board, or documentation.

</br></br>

**09/09**<br/>
Decided to continue with the aforementioned table explansion and write up table schemas for some other projects I would like to work on eventually.

Also started building up an intermediary layer between the database and the endpoints to make life a ton easier. I think the endpoints will only focus on validating and converting the incoming requests, the intermediary will handle any actual functionality that needs to be performed, an the database functions will just focus on interacting with the database.

Hopefully I can reuse a lot of the database code, since it mostly revolves around generating SQL statement strings from Python dictionaries, and those can be used pretty much anywhere.

</br></br>

**09/10**<br/>
Fleshing out more of the intermediary layer, and unit testing it. I should probably write a test suite for this application, if only for the sake of making sure I don't have any regression as I tinker around some stuff.

Hitting a really annoying error with SQLite, something to do with table updates... I don't entirely understand it, if I'm being honest.

</br></br>
