**09/13**<br/>
Got a ton of work done over the weekend. That apparent SQL bug was in fact a bug with my API, so I spent a while pulling my hair out trying to fix it before realizing I was barking up the wrong tree.

Main thing I did was use MaterialUI to get everything looking nice and pretty on the website. What I'd like to try to do this morning is actually get a local instance hosted so that I can connect to it from my mobile device.

Ultimately I'd like to move the whole thing into a Docker container and host it using that, but for the time being just running it directly works alright.

</br></br>

**09/14**<br/>
Decided to take some time to improve the mobile styling for the application. Part of the reason I want to build this application is so that I have a way to input and interact with my to-do list through my phone, after all.

Now I consider myself more a developer than a designer, and that's my excuse for why my CSS skills aren't super strong. I have a bit of a tendency to just make minor ad-hoc changes as necessary rather than just sitting down and working my way through the entire styling.

But I'm pretty happy with how things are looking so far, and I didn't need to get super deep into the weeds of CSS styling. There is a current issue with reaching the API correctly while hosting the application, so that's probably what I need to work on tomorrow.

</br></br>

**09/15**<br/>
Next thing I need to work on is getting the API working correctly on the hosted version. For the desktop this proved to be fairly simple, since I only needed to change the URL that the endpoints were pointing at. The mobile connection is more difficult, particularly because I need to open console in the mobile page.

This requires a debugging connection to my phone. Since I'm working on a linux machine it might take some doing to get such a connection working (although, I should probably invest the time to accomplish it at some point) so instead I'm just focusing on getting an emulator up and running. This of course is, itself, a bit of a process.

Still, they're both chores I'm happy to get done, as they'll be useful in the future.

</br></br>

**09/16**<br/>
Today I was able to get the USB debugging up and running for Chromium. It appears as though the issue is that my mobile device isn't able to make requests to the machine hosting the backend, which is sort of what I was expecting. Now I need to determine how to go about fixing it.

My first impulse was to create another proxy location pointing to the back-end API using Nginx Proxy Manager, as that's what I'm using to expose the the frontend page right now. Unfortunately, that doesn't seem to work right off the bat.

I'm a long way off from just fixing mobile styling at this point; moreso bleeding over into out-and-out deployment. I suppose I could just try configuring the web browser on my desktop to display a frontend view, that should accomplish something closer to what I actually want.

But, I will have to deal with deployment eventually, so I'll probably do at least a bit of research into the subject to see what would be going wrong. Not that I haven't been enjoying this project, but I'd really like to get to the minimum-viable product stage soon so that I can focus on other stuff.

Not to mention, actually be able to start using it.

</br></br>
