**09/20**<br/>

Today I just spent some time reading up on Nginx documentation. I'm going to need more Nginx chops both for the current project and for the other services I want to fix up in the future.

My eventual plan is to replace Nginx proxy manager wholecloth and just write a script to automatically generate new proxy configurations when I need to add another service. This actually seems fairly doable, since Nginx has a directive to include all of the proxy configurations in a specific directory; so I can just append the configurations into there and it should do 

</br></br>

**09/21**<br/>

Started out with some work on an Nginx configuration. It isn't going particularly well so far. In honest I've always struggled with Nginx somewhat, but that's all the more reason to take the time now and properly master it. Just... frustrating not to be making any progress yet, is all, but sometimes that's the nature of programming.

There's an adage I always find reflective-- "a stonecutter hammers away at his rock perhaps a hundred times without so much as a crack showing in it; yet at the hundred and first blow, it will split in two." Programming can feel very much the same.

</br></br>

**09/22**<br/>

Took some time to implement a small feature with the Python script controlling my window manager. I use *i3*, and the script controls how my workspace are opened up. I wanted to add the feature that when a new application is started, the controller attempts to find a workspace which already contains a running instance of the same application to move it into.

I also made some progress with Nginx... not a *ton* of progress, granted, but some. Mainly I realized that when Nginx is called using `nginx -c [config]` to pass in the configuration file, this does not use a relative path from the user's current working directory, but instead treats it as a relative path starting from the Nginx configuration directory at `/etc/nginx`.

Which is... um, in my opinion, stupid. Or at least, very unintuitive. Granted Nginx is not often started from the commandline, so I can see why the configuration directory is used preferentially. But the times it *is* started from the commandline are presumably for testing and development purposes, as I'm using it for, and so you would want it to behave like literally every other commandline program in the universe.

Anyways this is all to say that I deciphered at least one reason I've haven't been having any luck with the reverse proxy so far. The next issue is that it appears some level of caching occurs *somewhere* as to what URLs redirect to what webpages. I had changed my configuration to redirect to Google.com, just as a sanity check, and now it redirects there regardless of whether Nginx is actually up and running or not. So that's potentially it's own barrel of joy.

~~Also apparently I broke my window manager controller, so... that's great.~~

Nah nevermind I fixed it we're good I'm awesome. And I got the Nginx frontend working on a different domain.

</br></br>

**09/23**<br/>

Alright, so now that I have the actual frontend working correctly, the next step is to get the API routing working. After adding the location and proxy for the correct port, I was getting errors on all my requests. I realized that flask servers do not work with Nginx out-of-the-box, and I instead needed something called *uwsgi* to integrate things correctly.

So I spent some time setting that up. Unfortunately even with *uwsgi* I haven't gotten non-404 responses back from the server yet, although my test scripts all work correctly with it, as they did with the flask server. Which means the issue is, most likely, somewhere with Nginx again. Well, I'll figure that out tomorrow, I've done plenty for today.

</br></br>

**09/24**<br/>

Eh, it's friday. Not gonna worry about programming too much right now. There's something to be said for picking your battles when it comes to development, and being able to recognize when a certain task is going to be particularly mentally draining.

Especially considering that I'm doing this in my own free time, I would prefer to put something off a little bit if I know that doing so will preserve my mental health. I used to be downright terrible at this, and my frustration with something would leave me toiling away for hours on end because I just wanted it to *finally* work. And, in all honest, I still do that sometimes. But I like to think I'm getting better at it.

</br></br>

